Mom, what's wrong with you?
Mom
We lived in a civilian area for over 20 years
You finally live in this house?
Xiaoyue, go out and have a look.
I haven't seen your mother in so many years
Let's talk.
As expected of a neighbor
I didn't expect to be able to live like this
You old man, are you blind?
How much did you pay for getting my shoes dirty?
Sorry.
I can't see I'll pay you.
If two of this money is not enough
I'll give it to you when I pay you.
Get your hands off me!
Stay away from me
Hey, dear.
You see this hometown is going to play hooligans on me
You stinky clean
Quickly kneel down and apologize to Xiaoru
Otherwise I can't spare you
Lick your face first
My mom was working in a restaurant at the time
You must not be guarding these popularity, right?
Always bullying people